Hi again! This is the solution to exercise 81.
And in this exercise you were asked to prompt the user to enter a username and you wanted to check
that user name against some existing user names you have in a text file and then you also wanted the
user to add a user password, a new password and you want to check that password.
But you know this from the previous exercises and therefore this part here is exactly the same as exercise
80.
So this is a part of that has to do with a prompt for the password and checking for a password and so
on.
But here we have another while loop.
So this is our program we have two while loos, one asking for a user name and one asking for a password. As you know
Python executes a scripts from top to bottom.
So first it will execute this while loop and then it will go to the next ones
once it has completed this first loop, and so so while true which is always true
this script will always be executing unless you break it under some condition.
And so you first want to ask the user for a user name and you store that username to usr variable and then
you open a text file where you have some user names, you have the existing user names of your application
let's say and you don't want the user to enter a similar user name that this is that's the list. You
want to create a list out of that content.
So a list with the existing usernames, and we use read lines for that which creates a list object
with items where each of the list items corresponds with a line in the text file.
However we have a small problem there, these lines they have brake lines.
So we want to strip the brake lines using strip and we use a list comprehension because the users is a list,
so we want to iterate through all the items, and so we apply strip on the items for items in a list
of users and then we check the usr variable which is holding the string that the user entered, submitted
through input.
So if  that string is in list users then you want to print out user name exists and you want
to continue the script over again,
the while loop over again, so you want to ask for the user for username again and open the file again so on.
Otherwise, if that username
is not in the text file, than you want to print out these other lines in here which is a message username
is fine and you want to break the loop.
So you're done with this while loop.
And as you know Python executes scripts from top to bottom so it will go to the next line which is empty.
And then to the next line which is another while loop and I wont go and explain this
now because we did that in the previous exercise.
So you know this this is exactly the same as a previous exercise.
And yeah, this is it.
I hope it was clear and I'll talk to you later.